fix(docs): proper (distinct) README for plugins.jenkins.io (#81)
jenkinsci/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin: README.md

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/jenkinsci/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin.svg?label=release)](https://github.com/jenkinsci/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin/releases/latest)
[![Jenkins Plugin Installs](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/plugin/i/kubernetes-credentials-provider.svg?color=blue)](https://plugins.jenkins.io/kubernetes-credentials-provider)

> Complete documentation on GitHub page is [here](https://jenkinsci.github.io/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin/)
> 

Author: Can be removed if you think it's redundant with this new README content.

```suggestion
```

The *Kubernetes Credentials Provider* is a [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io) plugin to enable the retreival of [Credentials](https://plugins.jenkins.io/credentials) directly from Kubernetes.

> The plugin supports most common credential types and defines an [`extension point`](https://jenkins.io/doc/developer/extensions/kubernetes-credentials-provider/) that can be implemented by other plugins to add support for custom Credential types. 

Author: Used the GitHub page for this one instead of a relative path as it contains macros, not rendered on GitHub.

> # Using

Reviewer: do you think we need all of this information here to satisy the plugins.jenkins.io  page.

I think a couple of sentences explaingin what it does (not how to use it) would be enough for the plugin site (where I people would just want to get an overview of what the thing does, when looking for a solution to some problem?).

Author: Many (most?) plugins have a complete description like that, and no external more complete README.

I don't think it's an issue, on the contrary having more info on the plugin description page can help users to decide or not using a particular plugin.

Also, I've tried to keep this README the most close to the one in docs so any future updates would be simplified.

Reviewer: the problem is not the amount of information here, but that there is now duplicate information to maintain/update, or let get completely out of date :)

Author: Agree. Let me try to resume this README so it won't be too much of a burden.

Author: Shortened in https://github.com/jenkinsci/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin/pull/81/commits/3dd62fc5529fdce9a40d64224e9fac33a24fe892, WDYT?

To restrict the secrets added by this plugin use the system property `com.cloudbees.jenkins.plugins.kubernetes_credentials_provider.KubernetesCredentialProvider.labelSelector`
to set the [Kubernetes Label selector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#label-selectors) expression.

```
-Dcom.cloudbees.jenkins.plugins.kubernetes_credentials_provider.KubernetesCredentialProvider.labelSelector="env in (iat uat)"
```

### Updating credentials

Credentials are updated automatically when changes are made to the Kubernetes secret.

### Deleting credentials

Credentials are deleted automatically when the secret is deleted from Kubernetes. 

### Viewing credentials

Once added the credentials will be visible in Jenkins under the `/credentials/` page.
Any credentials that are loaded from Kubernetes can be identified by the Kubernetes provider icon in the view.

## Using the credentials inside Jenkins

To use credentials in a pipeline you do not need to do anything special, you access them just as you would for credentials stored in Jenkins. 

for example, if you had the follwing Secret defined in Kubernetes:

> <!-- docs/examples/username-pass.yaml -->

Author: Added a comment to indicate where this content came from.

type: Opaque
stringData:
  username: myUsername
  password: 'Pa$$word'
```

you could use it via the [Credentials Binding plugin](https://plugins.jenkins.io/credentials-binding) 

```groovy
withCredentials([usernamePassword(credentialsId: 'another-test-usernamepass',
                                  usernameVariable: 'USER', 
                                  passwordVariable: 'PASS')]) {
  sh 'curl -u $USER:$PASS https://some-api/'
}
```

or by passing the credentialId directly to the step requiring a credential:

```groovy
git credentialsId: 'another-test-usernamepass', url: 'https://github.com/foo/bar'
```

# Issue reporting

Any issues should be reporting in the main [Jenkins JIRA tracker](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org).
The issue tracker is not a help forum, for help please use [IRC](https://jenkins.io/chat/) or the [user mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkinsci-users) 

# Releases and Change logs

The [release notes](https://github.com/jenkinsci/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin/releases) are managed in GitHub. 
The latest release will be visible in the Jenkins Update center approximatly 8 hours after a release.

# Developing

> This [page](./docs/dev/) contains more information on a developer environment.

Author: Kept a relative link for this one as it's acceptably displayed on GitHub.

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/jenkinsci/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin.svg?label=release)](https://github.com/jenkinsci/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin/releases/latest)
[![Jenkins Plugin Installs](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/plugin/i/kubernetes-credentials-provider.svg?color=blue)](https://plugins.jenkins.io/kubernetes-credentials-provider)

The *Kubernetes Credentials Provider* is a [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io) plugin to enable the retrieval of [Credentials](https://plugins.jenkins.io/credentials) stored as [Kubernetes Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/).

The plugin supports most common credential types and defines an [`extension point`](https://jenkins.io/doc/developer/extensions/kubernetes-credentials-provider/) that can be implemented by other plugins to add support for custom Credential types. 

> The full documentation is available on [this GitHub page](https://jenkinsci.github.io/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full documentation is available on [this GitHub page](https://jenkinsci.github.io/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin/).
```

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/jenkinsci/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin.svg?label=release)](https://github.com/jenkinsci/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin/releases/latest)
[![Jenkins Plugin Installs](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/plugin/i/kubernetes-credentials-provider.svg?color=blue)](https://plugins.jenkins.io/kubernetes-credentials-provider)

> The *Kubernetes Credentials Provider* is a [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io) plugin to enable the retrieval of [Credentials](https://plugins.jenkins.io/credentials) directly from Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Kubernetes Credentials Provider* is a [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io) plugin to enable the retrieval of [Credentials](https://plugins.jenkins.io/credentials) stored as [Kubernetes Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/).
```

The plugin supports most common credential types and defines an [`extension point`](https://jenkins.io/doc/developer/extensions/kubernetes-credentials-provider/) that can be implemented by other plugins to add support for custom Credential types. 

The full documentation is available on [this GitHub page](https://jenkinsci.github.io/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin/)

## Releases and Changelogs

The [release notes](https://github.com/jenkinsci/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin/releases) are managed in GitHub. 

> The latest release will be visible in the Jenkins Update center approximatly 8 hours after a release.

Reviewer: not sure this adds anything to the party - its the same for all plugins.

```suggestion
```
